{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tx7300\tx7860\tx8420\tx9000\tx9560\sl288\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I suggest comparing the raw text source with the various final outputs (e.g.\
PDF, XHTML, LaTeX, RTF) in order to see what can be accomplished. There will\
be many similarities between output formats, but also a few differences.\
Tables will end up in different places. Paragraphs won't break in the same\
way. But these differences are superficial and are a result of trying to\
optimize each format, without regard to identical output across formats (which\
would be virtually impossible).\
\
Remember, the main goal of Markdown\\MultiMarkdown is to allow you to create a\
document in plain text, with minimal distraction from markup, that can be\
transformed into a variety of high quality outputs. Or, to quote John Gruber:\
\
> The overriding design goal for Markdown's formatting syntax is to make it as\
readable as possible. The idea is that a Markdown-formatted document should be\
publishable as-is, as plain text, without looking like it's been marked up\
with tags or formatting instructions. While Markdown's syntax has been\
influenced by several existing text-to-HTML filters, the single biggest source\
of inspiration for Markdown's syntax is the format of plain text\
email.[][#Gruber]\
\
\
[#Gruber]: John Gruber.  Daring Fireball: Markdown. [Cited January 2006]. Available from <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>.\
}