{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi360\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I suggest comparing  the raw text source with the  various final outputs (e.g.\
PDF, XHTML, LaTeX, RTF)  in order to see what can  be accomplished. There will\
be  many similarities  between output  formats,  but also  a few  differences.\
Tables will  end up in  different places. Paragraphs  won't break in  the same\
way.  But these  differences are  superficial and  are a  result of  trying to\
optimize each format, without regard to identical output across formats (which\
would be virtually impossible).\
\
Remember, the main goal of Markdown\\MultiMarkdown  is to allow you to create a\
document in  plain text,  with minimal  distraction from  markup, that  can be\
transformed into a variety of high quality outputs. Or, to quote John Gruber:\
\
> The overriding design goal for Markdown's formatting syntax is to make it as\
readable as possible. The idea is that a Markdown-formatted document should be\
publishable as-is,  as plain text,  without looking  like it's been  marked up\
with  tags  or  formatting  instructions. While  Markdown's  syntax  has  been\
influenced by several existing text-to-HTML filters, the single biggest source\
of  inspiration   for  Markdown's   syntax  is  the   format  of   plain  text\
email.[#Gruber]\
\
\
[#Gruber]: John Gruber.  Daring Fireball: Markdown. [Cited January 2006]. \
  Available from <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>.}